Okay, the free time
is mind-boggling.
I have class once a week,
and then the rest of the week
is just mine
to do whatever I want with,
so it's like
I'm doing kind of like
home economics stuff.
I made these brownies myself
from scratch using just a mix.
And they're good.
Did you find me
my Amish bonnet yet?
No, people here
are technically Mennonites,
they're not Amish,
so it's actually
pretty offensive
to switch the terms.
I'm off to Java House
to meet Trad for an espresso.
Mm-kay, then you'll
come back to watch
the "Torkelsons" marathon
with me on TeenNick?
Oh, that sounds so fun,
but, you know what?
I've gotta pop
across the river
and help DeDe
put the finishing touches
on her chapbook.
And then I've gotta
go check on Rafe.
But we're gonna go
to that poet party
tonight, right?
I mean, what other choice
do I have in this fuckin'
one-horse town?
There's literally
nothing to do.
- Elijah: Bye. ( kisses )
- Hannah: Bye, lovey.
Oh.
Hi, Jessa.
Oh, hey.
I see you haven't backed off
on the self-tanner.
Still see you're wearing
that same sad kimono.
Bye.
Um, so, have you been
writing a lot lately?
- ( door closes )
- Yeah, I mean... yeah.
Right now I'm in a more
pre-writing phase,
but it's all...
happening or will happen.
Um, what have
you heard from Adam?
Have you talked to him?
No, not really.
Briefly this morning.
But before that,
maybe once or twice
yesterday
and then otherwise
just at AA
every single fucking day
for the rest of my life.
Okay, well, that's sort of
a lot of time.
Does he ever mention me?
Um, no.
( music playing
in background )
Well, that's good
'cause actually,
I hadn't thought of him
till just now.
You said something else
that started with the letter A
and it made me
think of Adam and
how he was doing.
( music continues )
Also made me think
of apples.
Jessa!
Oh, for crying
sweet Jesus.
Nice, nice.
I mean, it actually
does look nice.
♪ 'Cause our love
keeps our bodies... ♪
No, but see, it's not
just about sex.
We text good night.
I met his cousin.
He, like, puts
his hand on my butt
when we're waiting
in line at Starbucks.
He makes me look at him
when he comes.
Okay, bottom line, as long
as he's with Clementine,
you are not his priority.
And you are definitely--
definitely not in any kind
of relationship.
But I'm not the mistress.
You are 1,000%
the mistress.
Not if I end up
with him, I'm not.
Fuck, I could've sold this
to Yusef last weekend.
His situation with Clementine
is really fucking complicated.
She's got, like,
this autoimmune illness
where she gets
fevers and rashes.
I mean, it's weird.
He has to be very careful
not to upset her.
It could, like,
endanger her health.
- "Fevers and rashes"?
- Yes.
- Bullshit.
- It's not bullshit.
- Bullshit!
- He's really worked up
about this.
- It's hard for him.
- This guy has it made
in the shade.
He's got a bungalow
on Easy Street
where he has his cake
and he eats it, too.
Do you understand?
The man's a Svengali, okay?
He's a Casanova
who counts cards secretly
while he's got
four queens up the sleeve.
He is not to be trusted.
I don't know.
Do you think maybe
this is just, like,
cosmic retribution
for what we did
to Shoshanna?
Putting aside my disdain
for the injection of witchcraft
into a conversation
that was previously tethered
by logic and reason,
no, I don't think
that's what's happening here.
Yeah, you're right.
I'm way more upset
than she ever was.
( sighs )
Look, even if this knot
were to somehow untangle itself,
even if he were
to jettison her,
make a host of sweeping
promises to you,
hop on a white horse,
gallop to your place
with a truckload of roses--
- even if he did all that...
- Mm-hmm.
I still don't think
you should be with this guy.
Is it 'cause he called you
a hepcat that one time?
Because anyone who would
treat you this way
is selfish and a coward.
And we've already established
he has one massive
character flaw,
which is that
he hasn't chosen you.
- Is this okay?
- Yeah.
Okay.
Woman:
And, finally,
if all goes well,
your responsibilities
might include
allocating trend jewelry,
and helping us implement
our cardigan story for spring.
Oh, my God,
I love cardigans,
first of all.
Um, also,
I really don't
want to boast,
but I'm a little bit
of an expert when it
comes to trend jewelry.
And maybe, like,
trends in general.
Perfect, perfect.
Just perfect.
Well, now that I've done
my little dog and pony show,
do you have
any questions for me?
Um, not really.
This interview was
super informative.
And fun, right?
Am I crazy to say that?
No, it was totally fun.
It was so fun.
I feel like we were, like,
totally just grabbing drinks
- Totally.
- ...like we were
best friends
- and we were
talking about boys.
- Oh, my God, I love it.
Listen, Shoshanna,
I can't officially
offer you the job
until meet
the other candidates,
but if you want it--
totally yours.
Okay, that is literally
the exact feedback...
- Yay!
- ...that I was hoping for.
So I guess it's safe to say
I'll be seeing you really soon.
Um, actually,
I don't know
if you will.
Wh-- um,
I'm sorry, what?
Well, I mean,
if I can be totally honest,
which I feel like
I really can be with you...
- Yeah.
- Um, I think
in my heart of hearts,
I knew that, like, this was
really just a trial interview.
You know,
to hone my skills,
test, like, the firmness
of my handshake
and the walkability
of these heels.
Why would you come in here
and waste my time
if you don't want to work
at Anne Taylor Loft?
I just needed a run-through
before I went on an interview
for a job that I was, like,
deeply passionate about,
you know?
Okay, great.
Well, thank you
for your candor, I guess.
Yeah, no, you should
know that about me.
I think it's really
important to be honest,
like, even when it's
a little bit difficult.
Super important, yeah.
Here you go.
Oh, no,
you can keep that.
( Marnie
and Desi on recording )
♪ And I will walk with you ♪
♪ And stand by you tall ♪
♪ You can bet on me ♪
♪ And I will call you home ♪
♪ I will call you home. ♪
Ugh, I am freaking out.
You guys...
how great are they?
Uh, seriously?
Goosebumps.
- Goosies. Feel it.
- He gets 'em big time.
- ( laughing )
- Thank you.
I think we definitely
have to get Marcos
in here.
Fuck.
When's he back?
Not soon enough.
Damn it.
When can we get you guys
back in to meet Marcos?
- I start shooting a movie
in a couple months...
- Really, any time.
but before then, any--
yeah, any time.
- Yeah. Who is Marcos?
- Woman: He's my boss.
He's the one who can
really get the ball rolling.
There's a ball
to get rolling?
Oh, yeah.
A big ball.
Wow.
Okay, so tell me
before I pop off,
what's your story?
- Yeah, we're just...
- Primarily acoustic.
Yeah,
two singer-songwriters.
We've recorded two demos.
- How'd you meet?
- How long have you two
been together?
- What's the sex like?
- Oh, my God!
I'm just kidding.
Unless they're
gonna tell us.
Woman #2:
I'm sorry.
Uh, we're--
we're not together.
Woman #2:
Oh, my God.
I'm sorry.
- No, no, it's fine.
- No, don't feel bad.
That's a common mistake.
Yeah, it happens a lot.
I actually have a girlfriend.
Clementine Barrios is her name.
She's a consultant.
Bummer.
I'm just kidding.
I'm-- I mean, that's great.
She sounds great.
Can I have
one of those...
- Oh, a cigarette?
- Marnie: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I would just love one
right about now
- for some reason.
- Marnie, you can't
smoke in here.
Well, we can go outside
and smoke out there.
Marnie.
What?
We'll smoke after.
We had agreed
on this once-a-month rule
that was supposed
to help with boundaries
or some fuckin' shit.
Yeah. I think
that's good, though.
I mean, I hate talking
to people who aren't
within 50 feet of me.
Yeah, but every time
I got her on the phone,
- all she wanted to do
was talk about stupid shit.
- Right.
Like they sell donuts
at the movie theater...
- ( groans )
- ...or whatever.
Nothing real.
I mean, she couldn't
have been getting anything
out of that.
- Mm-hmm.
- I thought talking less
would keep us
from having those
stupid conversations
about fuckin' zero.
Guess who.
- Hi.
- Hey, you wanna
go get a smoke?
- No.
- Why not?
I'm-- 'cause I'm
working right now.
I'm involved.
I'm giving back.
Can you just
take a break?
No, no,
but if you want one,
you can have one.
- Just take it.
- That'd be great.
- You'll meet me
out there soon?
- Mm-hmm.
- See you soon.
- Bye, bye.
Man, you could've got
your dick sucked.
( both laugh )
I let that kid make out
with me the other night
and he just, like, came
in his pants instantly.
- Aw.
- Can you believe that?
Were you pissed?
No. I mean, I get it.
It was flattering.
He's having trouble
with the whole God thing,
so I told him just replace
the word "God" for "Jessa"
and, like, see if it helps.
And now I'm, like,
the only thing
standing between him
and a crack pipe.
You think it's fine
if I throw out all of Hannah's
refrigerator magnets?
Ugh, this whole thing
is why I hate relationships
between white people.
- Well, you don't even smoke.
- You don't--
I smoke every
once in a while.
- When?
- I do every
once in a while.
And then you started
acting-- I don't even
know what that was.
- You derailed
the whole meeting.
- Don't be a drama queen.
That's unprofessional.
No, that's unprofessional.
Come on, they liked us.
We're going back to meet
with Marcos.
- I know.
- Chill the fuck out.
All right, it was
fuckin' strange, man.
- It was weird.
- Don't call me "man."
- Oh, my God.
- What?
Bella, what is
going on with you?
- Can you talk to me?
- I'm talking to you
right now.
Because you are, like,
coming from a place that I--
I don't even recognize
this person.
Come here.
All right,
you know what?
- You wanna know
what's wrong?
- Yeah.
I'll tell you
what's wrong.
Sit down.
Okay, just so you know,
what happened in there
was fucking awesome.
- I'm so psyched about it.
- Yeah, me, too.
What else is happening
in our relationship together,
I can't do it anymore.
You're talking
about the intimacy.
Yes, I'm talking
I can't do it anymore, Desi.
It's not working for me.
I'm not supposed
to be someone's mistress.
Nobody thinks of you
as a mistress, Marn.
But because nobody
thinks about me at all,
like, in relation to you.
I do.
That's not all
that matters to me.
We're building
a future together,
- a musical future
together.
- Yeah.
So why the fuck
do you still have
a girlfriend who isn't me?
Well, I never said that
I would end anything
with Clementine.
Yeah, but, see,
it's normal for someone
to not want the person
that they're sleeping with
to be sleeping
with somebody else.
Yeah, I think that's a very
culturally-specific statement.
But I also think that
I've been very clear with you
from the beginning, Marn.
Yes, you have,
but that doesn't
make it okay.
That doesn't
make it feel okay.
You are very young.
You are very smart.
- You are very beautiful.
- Thank you.
And you're living
in this amazing city, okay?
And if we're gonna have
this incredible, explosive,
sexually collaborative,
musical, love relationship,
which I can totally see,
to be honest with you,
maybe right now
what you need to be doing
is exploring
and embracing your freedom
and figuring out what it is
that you really, really want.
The problem
with your plan...
is that I already know
what I want.
You're not
offering it to me.
So it's my sober birthday
next week-- four months.
Oh, cool.
What are you gonna do?
Uh, I don't know.
Laser tag, bumper cars
or something.
You'll probably
have plans,
so it'll just be me alone
at Chuck E. Cheese again.
When's yours?
I used to have one,
but then I... didn't.
Well, make another one
then, no?
No, you only get
one birthday.
Oh.
But if you're serious
about actually doing
something,
I'm-- I'm in.
Oh, okay.
I'll keep that in mind.
How have your nights been
with what's-her-face?
( laughs )
- Good, good, good.
- Right.
It's not like I see her
every day or anything.
You're a liar.
I mean, it's cute.
It's very funny.
But, you know.
I really have to pee.
Can you hold my bag a sec?
I'll be one second.
I just--
Adam:
You're-- you're gonna
do that here?
I'm not waiting for a park
or, like, stepping into
a restaurant.
Jesus fucking--
okay.
( groans )
Okay, cop, cop,
cop, cop, cop.
- What--?
- ( siren chirps )
Put a plug in it.
( siren chirping )
Are you serious?
Sorry.
All done here, Officer.
Sorry, Officer,
she's foreign.
You can't piss
in the street, miss.
Oh, come on.
Are you gonna write me up?
- Yeah.
- Why don't you
write the city up
for not having enough places
for women to piss in?
- All right, Jessa.
- Are you kidding me?
There's a toilet like
every 17 blocks, you know.
This is insane.
( ticket tears )
This is your summons.
You'll pay a $50 fine,
all right?
Are you serious?
( laughs )
Why don't I just send you
the bill from my gynecologist
when I get a UTI
from holding it in?
No.
Now, ma'am, you didn't
want to do that.
You know what?
I'm tired of being
complacent. Bye.
Turn around.
Stop walking.
- You're under arrest.
- ( laughs )
You're under arrest.
Do not resist.
Ow, ow!
Come on, that hurts.
- He's hurting her.
Stop, you're hurting her!
- Jessa: That hurts!
- She's fine, she's fine.
- Stop resisting. Ma'am--
- Ma'am-- hey, hey, hey!
- Would you stop?
You're hurting--
- Get this guy off me!
Hey, knock it off!
- All right.
- You're done.
Come over here.
- And you be still.
( chatter )
( music playing inside )
Yeah, she literally said
that the guys from Green Day
wanted to have sex with her.
- That's disgusting.
- Ugh.
Zed, Zed,
do another bong hit,
okay, 'cause by the time
I took the picture,
the smoke wasn't in that
whimsical cloud shape anymore.
( water bubbles )
- ( shutter clicks )
- Oh, the whimsy.
God, I love the poets.
This party sucks dick.
What are you talking about?
The twins who live here
have legal access
to medicinal mushrooms
and ecstasy.
I mean, it's like,
you're welcome.
I really don't feel good.
I think I have mono.
- For the fifth time?
- Yeah.
Maybe it's finally
something more serious.
( gasps )
Lilly, Lilly,
show me
those diminutive
little nips.
- ( shutter clicks )
- Elijah: Yeah.
What are you doing?
Did you, like, watch
the Bill Cunningham
documentary?
Why are you taking
so many pictures?
I just realized I got
so good at taking selfies,
I wasn't feeling
challenged anymore.
And then I thought,
"What would
happen if I turned
the camera around?"
It was a real epiphany
for me, Hannah.
I feel really uncomfortable.
Everyone from my program's here.
I don't want
to be here right now.
It's just because
you hot-rolled your hair.
It's just you.
You're uncomfortable
in your own skin
and you think
it's everybody
else's problem.
But you know what?
Wherever you are,
there you go.
Is that the quote?
Does that sound right?
Tito, what are you doing?
( smooches )
It's just like everybody's
saying it's such a gift,
you know,
to have all this time to write,
but then how come the only
thing I want to do
is Google the one month where
Woody Harrelson and Glenn Close
were a couple?
This is what
you always do, okay?
It's like in college
when you would cry and cry
into your tater tots
about not getting
your papers done on time,
but somehow you would always
get those papers done.
Yeah, but Marnie wrote
like half those papers,
and now I'm in school
for the thing I actually
want to do,
so shouldn't I actually
want to do it?
No, that's not
how it works.
Nobody likes
what they do.
Do you think Dakota Fanning
wants to be Dakota Fanning?
100%.
Being Dakota Fanning
is amazing.
You get so many
free boots.
Well, if that's how you feel,
why are you even trying?
Because I'm a writer
and that's what I do.
Well, I was a dancer,
but you don't see me
five-six-seven-eighting
my way into rooms
anymore, do you?
And when you
let that go...
what was that like?
It was the biggest relief
in the world.
- Hannah?
- Mm-hmm.
Everything works out
the way it should.
This side of the room
needs to be sexier.
That's good.
That's really prom-y.
( music playing )
( sings along )
♪ You got me doin'
funny things like a clown ♪
- ♪ Just look at me... ♪
- ( phone buzzing )
Ploshansky.
♪ When you wear
your high-heeled boots... ♪
What?
Are you fucking kidding me?
When?
Both of you?
Chandra:
You know what I really hate
is this cross-pollination,
like blogs becoming books,
which then become TV shows.
Yeah, don't worry,
just breathe.
Nobody's gonna force you
to watch "The Fault
in Our Stars."
- ( all laugh )
- You guys sound so old.
And I don't get
why we're so judgy
about popular writing.
I write one story
with a blowjob in it
and suddenly I'm
"Fifty Shades of Grey" girl.
Yeah, that wasn't just
because of the blowjob,
Hannah.
Yeah, some stories
about blowjobs have
literary merit.
Yeah,
like D.H. Lawrence,
Henry Miller,
Philip Roth,
Martin Amis.
Ha!
Ha?
What ha?
Ha, you only named writers
with penises.
- Oh, snap.
- She has a point.
She has a point.
Chandra:
Yeah, how are you
gonna answer that, D?
Uh, with an "And?"
And it's the same kind
of patriarchal bullshit
female authors have been
dealing with for centuries.
- You're part of it.
- Take it easy.
You're starting to sound
a little hysterical here, okay?
- ( laughs )
- ( exhales ) Hysteria?
Hysteria is how
they diagnosed women
who they found uppity
in the 1800s
and had an excuse
to remove their ovaries.
That was not my intent.
I was just saying it's getting
a little electric in here.
Chandra:
You're missing
her points here.
Being pigeonholed
isn't fun.
And if you guys doubt me,
why don't you take a turn
in the hot seat?
For example,
look at Jeffrey.
What a little rich,
whiney white guy.
Thinks he's Updike,
thinks it's a revolution
that he hates his parents.
You probably
only have one ball.
I have two balls,
thank you.
I don't know why
you're laughing, Chester.
You are a tragically hip
gaysian...
Thank you.
...who is writing
manic-pixie-dream-girl-
pseudo-"Weetzie Bat" bullshit.
Your whole story was just like
a winky-eye emoji
followed by a poop emoji.
- D. August: Dude.
- ( Priya laughs )
- Chandra.
- All right, yeah.
We started out as friends,
now I'm not so sure.
But you were blessed
with an exotic name
and now you get to be
the first and foremost
authority
on third-world issues
here in Iowa.
- Huh.
- Dude!
- Priya.
- Hmm?
If you keep writing
about prison in the South,
I'm gonna murder
someone and go to prison
right here in Iowa.
- Logan.
- Bring it, Hannah.
What?
You are the most
bad mood Millie.
There's like a storm cloud
over our whole classroom.
Get it together.
Take an Ativan.
You have no idea
what medications
I'm already on,
frankly, Hannah.
And we've got D. August.
- ( scoffs )
- I know, I know.
We don't mention D. August
because he's the golden boy
of our program
and we're all busy, you know,
licking his anus, his balls,
and his taint.
Somebody's licking my balls?
I didn't know that.
- Thank you, guys.
- But this "patron saint
of the streets" thing,
it's bullshit.
We know it.
This is not
a hardened criminal.
This guy's
never been to jail.
Can I see your record?
Can I see
your criminal record?
Guys, this is
what history does to us.
And I don't want to be
the only one who's honest.
I want us to be honest
together.
I think it's better
that you guys chew on
all this without me.
Really soak it in.
I have to go now.
( thuds )
Chandra:
I think we just found
our own Lindsay Lohan.
That was
some fucked-up shit.
( siren wailing )
I hope you goons
are fuckin' proud
of yourselves.
We didn't do anything.
- You didn't do
anything?
- No.
You guys are a pair
of barbarians.
You know that?
We live
in a civil society
that's buttressed by decency
and respect, okay?
We don't resist arrest
when we've done something
wrong.
We don't tackle
police officers.
And we sure as fuck do not
urinate on the sidewalk!
It was abuse.
It was Stop and Frisk.
You cretins owe me
three grand.
Three grand!
( car door closes )
- ( tires squeal )
- ( horn honks )
( police radio chatter )
Fuckin' hate cops.
Fuzz, po-po, pigs.
Okay, later.
Where are you going?
I'm not doing this
with you.
What?
Adam, you saw
what they were doing.
Grow up.
You're a bad influence.
I'm a bad influence.
You're an adult man.
I can't be an influence.
You know, I saw this
all the time with you
and Hannah--
you getting her
into these fucking
ridiculous situations,
walking away, just being
fucking manipulative.
I had sympathy
because I knew
you had a problem,
but you're sober
and you're still
pulling this shit.
What are you
trying to provoke?
You know what?
I don't even want to--
I don't want to know.
It's, uh...
I don't have time for this.
I don't need any more friends.
Oh, so none
is enough for you?
Adam, I do.
Please.
Adam, I really need you
to be my friend.
- ( music playing )
- Yeah, we do.
Yeah, we really do.
( chatter continues )
( crowd chattering )
( crowd cheering,
chanting )
( nickers )
( music playing )
♪ I have
all that I need ♪
♪ And now that I have it,
I don't want it anymore ♪
♪ I don't have
what I need ♪
♪ And now that I want it,
I don't have it anymore ♪
♪ 'Cause everybody
wants somebody, too ♪
♪ And everybody
wants somebody new ♪
♪ I don't have
what I need ♪
♪ And now that I want it,
I don't have it anymore ♪
♪ I have
all that I need ♪
♪ And now that I have it,
I don't want it anymore ♪
♪ 'Cause everybody
wants somebody, too ♪
♪ I have ♪
♪ Everything I've ever
really wanted ♪
♪ Hoping for the best ♪
♪ All the time. ♪